

continuing experiment

1. delete everything from /etc/motioneye but motioneye.conf (to set ports)

2. clean up Google Drive to just /Security/MotioneEye [empty]

3. add internal RPi3 camera, and set its local storage

4. Allow manual snapshot (SNAPSHOT WORKS)

5. Add Google Drive - SUCCEEDED but with "..succeeded [][]" error
   message indicating some empty arrays of something (probably just
   coding glitch)

6. Try 2nd snapshot using camera icon. Shows up in local storage.
   ERROR: Nothing in Google Drive Security/MotioneEye/RPi3

7. Now clean out Google Drive including /Security; hit 'Test Service' again
   and Security/Motioneye/RPi3 is recreated.   Still no photos synced
   to Drive, including snapshot #3 created after this procedure.

8. Ooops, forgot to add a trailing slash to Google Drive - added it,
   and tested service: IT FINALLY UPLOADS - NEEDS TRAILING SLASH
   (suggest that MotionEye adds it if missing).  Only last image is synced,
   not the existing ones.    Note that before, I was using trailing
   slashes too.

9. Add Arecont camera as JPEG camera; add Google Drive (with trailing slash)
   using new token.    Snapshot works.  NO GOOGLE DRIVE UPLOAD.

10. After installing Arecont, try to take a snapshot with RPi3 camera - it
    and is put on Google Drive.

11. Arecont Google Drive directory still empty after another successful
    'Test service'

12. LOOK AT uploadservices.json - THE AUTHORIZATION KEY IS NULL AS WELL
    AS CREDENTIALS, BUT LOCATION IS FILLED IN

13. Now GET ANOTHER Arecont Drive KEY, FIRST save config THEN TEST IT.
    Now authorization_key is in uploadservices.json, but not credentials!

14. Now try a snapshot - IT SHOWS UP GOOGLE DRIVE, and Arecont's
    access_token is finally set.

15. Check that it did not break Pi3 camera - Pi3 still takes snapshots
    and saves to drive.

16. Try add RPI23 camera - get new Drive key, UPDATE, then verify it.
    produces ERROR.  Stop motioneye, add it to uploadservices.json manually,
    restart - now other cameras no longer validate with Google Drive!

17. Stop motioneye, restore old uploadservices.json file, restart motioneye.
    Both RPi3 camera and Arecont camera work.

18. Try to insert yet another Drive key into RPi2 camera, hit "Apply", then
    get "internal server error" red banner.    If I try "Test Service"
    get "..authentication failed.".   uploadservices.json has no entry for
    camera3 (the RPi2 camera).
    Possibility: all the google drive is being done on the RPi2, and the
    software there is outdated?

19. Went to the RPi2 camera and independently set up Drive  uploads; they
    seem to work.   This machine might not be worth upgrading to Buster.


End result:

* Arecont works

* Internal Rpi3 camera works.

* I can't set up Google Drive on RPi3 to send Rpi2 photos to Drive.
  This has to be done from RPi2 slave machine.  But the Rpi2 is an older motioneye.

* In step 12-13, had troubles getting 2nd camera's Drive key to take.  I could
  not test the key, then hit Apply

* The lack of a trailing backslash caused successful Drive test, but image saves
  failed (adding slash after Drive set up for that camera worked).

* snapshot buttons seem to work after the full configuration redo

* I have the feeling there there's some fragility with respect to the order of operations,
  including first camera relative to subsequent cameras.

* EDIT - and Drive uploads seem to have broken again for RPi3 in the process of trying to \
  turn on motion activation.  Neither snapshots nor motion activated images make it to Drive.
  But when I turn off motion activation, then manual snaps make to Drive again!
